@mainpage PSE Molecular Dynamics

# Group X #
Members:
* Lukas
* Severin
* Tony

# Code #
* Link:     https://github.com/wngTn/MolSim
* Branch:   main
* Revision: TODO

# Run Instructions #
## Task - Run simulation ##
You can run the program with different flags and configuration, tailored to your convenience.

The general program call is:
  ```sh
  $ ./MolSim [-i <input_file>] [-e <end_time>] [-d <delta_t>] [-v | -x]
  ```

Where the <samp>-v</samp> and <samp>-x</samp> flags stand for the ouput format. <samp>-v</samp> means VTK-file output and <samp>-x</samp> XYZ-file output.

An example:
  ```sh
  $ ./MolSim -i ../eingabe-sonne.txt -e 420 -d 0.069 -v
  ```

This example uses the `eingabe-sonne.txt` file as input, sets 420 as <samp>end_time</samp> and 0.069 as <samp>delta_t</samp>. The output configuration has been set to <samp>VTK-files</samp>.

Another example:
  ```sh
  $ ./MolSim
  ```

This call generates a **random input file with 50 particles** (generated by `generate_input.py`). It uses the default parameters, that is 1000 as <samp>end_time</samp> and 0.014 as <samp>delta_t</samp>. The output configuration has been set to <samp>VTK-files</samp> - the default.

<br>

## Task - Doxygen ##

The default configuration is set to build the doxygen target. If you want to disable the target please use:

  ```sh
  $ cmake .. -D BUILD_DOC=OFF # disables the Doxygen target
  ```

To generate the documentation with Doxygen, use:

  ```sh
  $ make doc_doxygen
  ```

This will generate both the html as well as the latex output in the `build/doxys_documentation/` directory (assuming you named your build-folder "build"). To access the html documentation use the `build/doxys_documentation/index.html` file.


# Media #
## Task - Halleys Comet ##
TODO

## Task - Cool Photos ##
TODO

# Misc #
The `generate_input.py` is the first step of automating our input-files. In future weeks this script can be extended to generate configurations for each environment or scenario respectively. These environments can range from planets over photons to water molecules.